In this assignment, I used ChatGPT a little bit, primarily for explaining different commands. The following are my prompts and answers from the LLM.

Prompt 1:
    What is what in this command: git tag -a ver0 -m"Release version 0"?

Answer 1:
    Let me break down that command for you:
    
    git tag -a v1.0 -m "First version with GW150914 data"
    
    
    git tag → creates a tag.
    
    -a → means annotated tag (it stores tagger name, email, date, and a message).
    
    v1.0 → the name of the tag (you choose this; often version-like).
    
    -m "First version with GW150914 data" → the message attached to the tag (like a commit message, but for the tag).


Prompt 2: 
    How do i know if a tag is shown correctly in Github?

Answer 2:
    Go to your repo page.

    Click on “Tags” (it’s under the “Releases” section).
    
    Or from the command line, fetch and list remote tags:
    
    git fetch --tags
    git tag -l
    
    
    If you pushed with git push origin --tags, you should see it both locally and on GitHub.


Prompt 3:
    How can i see the Python version used?

Answer 3:
    In your notebook, just run this in a cell:

    import sys
    print(sys.version)
    
    
    That will give you the full version (e.g. 3.10.12).
    
    Or shorter:
    
    !python --version


Prompt 4:
    I get the following error. What is the problem?: (main)jupyter-jaer21ab[hw-2-jabjer]> conda env create -f environment.yml Channels: - conda-forge - nodefaults - defaults Platform: linux-64 Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done Solving environment: failed PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are not available from current channels: - json=2.0* Current channels: - https://conda.anaconda.org/conda-forge - https://conda.anaconda.org/nodefaults - https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main - https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/r To search for alternate channels that may provide the conda package you're looking for, navigate to https://anaconda.org and use the search bar at the top of the page.

Answer 4:
    That error makes sense — json is not a package you can install with conda. It’s part of the Python standard library, so you already get it automatically with Python.

    The fix: simply remove json=2.0 from your environment.yml.


Prompt 5:
    Can i push a tag to the current version of my branch without pushing anything else?

Answer 5:
    Yes — you can push just the tag without pushing other commits.

    Here’s how:
    
    Create the tag (if you haven’t already):
    
    git tag -a v1.1 -m "Some message"
    
    
    Push only that tag:
    
    git push origin v1.1
    
    
    That sends just the tag v1.1 to GitHub, without touching other branches.


Prompt 6:
    Where do i find the link for making a binder badge in Jupyter?

Answer 6:
    Here’s how you find the Binder link:

    Go to https://mybinder.org.
    
    In the box “GitHub repository name or URL”, paste your repo’s GitHub URL (e.g. https://github.com/ucb-stat-159-f25/hw-2-jabjer).
    
    Choose the branch (probably main).
    
    Leave the rest as default and click Launch.
    
    When it builds, Binder will open a session.
    
    At that point, copy the URL from your browser’s address bar.
    